RESOURCES AT-A-GLANCE
Hello! If you’re reading this, that means that you’ve recently joined the staff of Mueller Communications, so -- WELCOME! WE ARE SO EXCITED TO HAVE YOU HERE! This document is meant to serve as a resource for links that team members may reference during your orientation meetings and introductory touch bases. Each shortcut has a brief summary beneath it and the shortcuts with asterisks are links that may be helpful to bookmark in your browser.


Please know that you do not have to be familiar with all of these links right off the bat, this is just a “cheat sheet” to where some frequently used (and not so frequently used, but helpful) links are located. Also, if you find any other links along the way, please feel free to add them to this document!


TIME, SCHEDULING & PROJECT MANAGEMENT
BigTime*
BigTime is the time-entry software that we use to track how long we work on different projects. This helps us compile information on billing for each client at the end of the month. The Admin team will walk you through this!
* Here is a quick cheat sheet


Google Calendar*
We schedule all of our meetings, touch bases, lunches, etc. through Google Calendars. Everyone uses their calendar a bit differently based on their preference, but we typically add video chatting links (Google Meet) to calendar holds when we want to schedule something. 


Paychex Flex
Paychex is the platform that you can use to submit any time off requests, as well as update your direct deposit settings and review deductions (healthcare, dental, etc.) The admin team will walk you through this process.


Staff Capacity Chart
The admin team sends a reminder every morning to submit your time entries from yesterday in BigTime, as well as mark your capacity in the Staff Capacity Chart. There is a key at the bottom of the spreadsheet to help communicate your availability for the day and week.


Monday Morning Meeting Notes
This is the agenda for our Monday Morning Meeting (8AM each Monday). This meeting gives the team opportunities to communicate news and checkpoints on clients, note any new clients, highlight a client in a spotlight, share “best practices” and note anything to share on Mueller’s social media. The junior staff rotates leading the meeting with this agenda, so they will touch base with you and run through a few meetings before you “drive the ship!”
* We always say “let’s go get ‘em!” at the end of each meeting :) 


Design Pipeline
This is the design team’s database on what projects they’re working on and what the timing is for each project.


MC Notion 
Notion is a platform to collect and organize materials, and includes loads of information, often linking back to documents on our shared drive.  It’s an easier way to view what resources you might need for a particular project.


Google Shared Drives
Open Drive by choosing it from your Google menu   On the left you will see “My Drive” = your files, and “Shared Drives” our communal company files, shared by client or internal code.  Key documents for Shared Drives: 
* Structure of a Shared Drive
* Where Do I Put My Internal Files
* MC FAQ - Google Shared Drives
* Permission levels for Shared Drives.png




MEDIA MONITORING & CONTACTS
Critical Mention*
This is our central tool for monitoring media hits (broadcast, print, sometimes social), which helps us compile media coverage on specific topics for our clients. Someone on one of your client teams will walk you through this.  The full how-to and troubleshooting guide is available here: Critical Mention | MCI How-To


Google Alerts
This is a great secondary tool for monitoring media hits! Someone on one of your client team’s will walk you through setting up one/multiple Google alerts. 


2020 PRG
This is the Publication Resource Guide, formally known as the “PRG!” This holds a slew of valuable information -- primarily contact information for members of the media in different markets and editorial calendars. The junior staff works together to update this on a rolling basis and they will help walk you through this.


Newspaper Distribution List


Who Parked Me In?
This is more applicable for when we are working in the office, but the office has double parking, so oftentimes people get parked into their parking spot. This chart helps us figure out who boxes who in, so that everyone can exit safely!


Shared Contact List
This is a spreadsheet of about 4500 company contacts, not including media.  It’s our go-to for beginning any outreach project and a great place to find an email address you’re missing.


Vendor List
Contact information for vendors of a variety of goods and services.  Past uses and staff contacts and price examples are listed where available.


Cision Point
This will be a helpful resource as you build media lists and search for media contacts. This should not be considered the end all be all source for contact information for outlets / reporters, but it’s a great way to dig up a random email address or confirm a phone number. It’s also helpful in getting a sense of publications / outlets in other markets you might be unfamiliar with. 


Milwaukee Business Journal*
Helpful to bookmark and sign up for the newsletter! 


Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Helpful to bookmark and sign up for the newsletter! 


BizTimes
Helpful to bookmark and sign up for the newsletter! 


Basic Media List Development


Basic checklist when researching for pitches/media lists


SOFTWARE TOOLS
Smallpdf.com
This is a great tool that can quickly convert file types (PDF > JPEG; PNGs > PDF; etc).


Grammarly 
Installing the Grammarly plug-in may be helpful for quick in-home proofing of emails and documents. This is not necessary, just what a few people have downloaded! (login to pro account through 1password)


AP Style Book
Helpful to have - just in case!


1Password*
This platform helps all.  Login credentials for all mueller subscriptions and tools.


Gmail*




Drive*  (KM shared the official intro email with links to help guides and FAQ) 


Canva


PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & TRAINING (PD/T) and CIVIC
Anti-Racism Resource page 




Mueller Lingo 


SOCIAL MEDIA management
Social Media Guidelines for Negative Posts