Unwritten Mueller Rules*, Written*these are not really rules, just guidelines/ideas/flexibilitiesLast Updated: Nov. 6, 2020? You can and should take a lunch break. You have an hour per day that can be used for this (unbillable) - whenever you want to. Eat lunch, take a walk, do a workout, run an errand! It could be from 12:00 - 1:00, or it could be from 4:00 - 5:00. Whenever you want! Just be sure to send an all staff email if you are unavailable or put it on your calendar, so team leads know.? Mueller office hours are 8 am to 5 pm? Feel free to add and look through each of your colleagues’ Google Calendars. Also feel free to ask your colleagues about things on their calendars - these are not state secrets, and if you’re curious about something you can always learn more!? It is not weird to text your colleagues if you need something from them that is urgent and they haven’t been responsive to emails or chats. Sometimes inboxes get busy!? Be sure you have all Mueller team members in your contacts, too? If you need PTO, take PTO. Sometimes we can fall into a mindset that PTO is reserved for emergencies or appointments only, but it’s a great resource for taking some time just to recenter if you feel overwhelmed, overtired, etc. You can always talk to your teams if you’re feeling stressed to come up with a game plan for your projects and time off.? Dress for your day - Mueller has a dress for your day policy! Wear what you are comfortable in to the office and when you have a client meeting dress for success! :) This means you won’t be dressing for a workout at the gym and you can save your college sweatshirts for Fridays, but there is lots of flexibility in your wardrobe.? Kudos - the Kudos group chat is a space to recognize the great work your colleagues are doing, we love to share the great work our team members are doing!? Water Cooler - the water cooler group chat is an informal all staff group chat for life things! Tried out Panera’s new flatbreads and loved them? Share in the water cooler!? Flex time is meant to be an outlet valve for weeks when you have to go above and beyond to support a client during an after-hours event, a late-night meeting, or come in early for morning live shots (as a few examples). If you work, say, 10 hours in one day, then flex time gives you the ability to work 6 hours another day (given that your deadlines are met) and use 2 hours of “flex time” to fill that day.? Power Hours - If you have some deadlines approaching or just want to work without distraction, send a Power Hour email to all-staff. Your team members will know to hold off on reaching out about less timely items so you can get (and stay) in your zone.? Secondary to this: Checking emails. You do not need to be attached to your emails and Chats. If you find it works best for you to block out time and work for 30 or 45 minutes at a time without looking at email, you should absolutely do so. If a crisis comes up and someone needs to get a hold of you in that time, they can call or text.